	Inspirations: The Church of the Subgenius, the work of Gilles Deleuze, Flying Spaghetti Monster, the Occult, Chaos Theory, appropriation of Christianity in a fashion like how New Age hippies like to appropriate eastern religions.
	The Goal: To reify secular spiritual practices back to the emotional potency of traditional religions by worshipping an openly artificial god, and by collectively circulating surreal myths that carry a high density of practical information. Creating or repeating a Frogmodai meme is a form of prayer, and strengthens the Frogmodai egregore.
	Frogmodai was born one day in the summer of 2017 when I was en route to a dispensary and began shitposting about going on a journey to visit a Frog Priest down by the river. The Anuran Ecclesiarchy worships the total individual that is Frogmodai, whose proclivity to chaos is what creates the constant change in life. They consider this a blessing and not a curse, and seek to learn to navigate The Membrane Between Realities.
	The Membrane is the literal flesh of Frogmodai, but the metaphorical possibility space that we explore throughout our lives. It provides resistance to change in what orbit we are following, as well as the energy gradient that keeps up away from equilibrium. Not only are we kept from equilibrium, but the surface itself is constantly changing as well. This leads to times when there is more resistance and less resistance to a change of what attractors are being orbitted. Does one continue to run in circles, or does one learn to see the Membrane and slip through to new territories?
	Frogmodai is simultaneously this grand, hyperspatial being and also just a regular frog that exists at some point in space and time within its own internal universe, creating a toroidal structure where universe is invariant when scaling from that frog's life up to the largest possible scale. The life story of the frog is the life story of the universe as a whole; in this case the metaphorical events of Frogmodai's life are the literal events of the universe. This creates a reciprocal relationship of metaphorical -> literal and literal -> metaphorical interactions. The result of this is that while the entirety of the timeline of the universe exists at once, those interactions propagate through the timeline and cause a progression through multiple states of the timeline along a second temporal axis. Frogmodai invariably manifests *somewhere* in the timeline, for similar reasons to why the Anthropic Principle works.